1. Test Plan Id: Amazon_ST_TP_001 
2. Introduction: 
 Amazon is an e-commerce, cloud computing, online advertising, digital streaming, and 
artificial intelligence website that allows users to browse for products and place orders 
based on their wish lists. 
 It is sometimes referred to as "one of the most influential economic and cultural forces in 
the world," and is widely regarded as one of the world's most valuable brands. 
  Amazon also offers a variety of downloading and streaming content via its Amazon Prime 
Video, Amazon Music, Twitch, and Audible platforms. 
3. Test Items: 
 Create Account 
 Sign in 
 Categories and Search Field 
4. Features to be tested: 
a) Create Account: 
1. Name Text field Validation 
2. Country code and Mobile number Text Field Validation 
3. Password Text field Validation 
b) Sign in: 
1. Enter valid mobile number or email 
2. And click on Continue  
3. Enter valid Password 
c) Categories and Search field: 
1. Select a category from the drop down list. 
2. Based on category. Write the product in the search field. 
3. Results will be displayed depending on categories. 
c) Add : 
1. Select a category from the drop down list. 
2. Based on category. Write the product in the search field. 
3. Results will be displayed depending on categories. 

Create Account Features: Boundary Value Analysis 
Sign In feature :Equivalence partition 
Category and search field features: Random testing 
7. Features Pass/Fail Criteria: 
 
Pass Criteria for Sign In Module: 
a) Enter Valid email-id: 
email-id must contain @ and domain(eg:-.com,.in) 
and click on continue button 
and enter correct password 
and click on sign button 
it will redirect to new page 
b) Enter Valid mobile number:  
Enter mobile number 
Mobile number length depend upon with country code 
and click on continue button 
Enter password 
and click on sign button 
it will redirect to new page 
Fail Criteria for Sign In Module: 
When an email address is entered but the password field is left empty, or 
vice versa, 
7. Entry Criteria: 
When a mobile phone  is entered but the password field is left empty, or vice 
versa, 
if the email address and number are entered together 
a) Test Design:  
• Team formation, Responsibilities,schedule,requirements,test case template  
• Training on domain, on automation tools 
b) Test Execution 
Readiness of test tab 
Readiness of AUT 
Requirements 
Test case Documents 
Test data 
Defect Report Template